Adding events info for US3 (#9811)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/events/_index.md

[4]: https://app.ddog-gov.com/event/stream
{{< /site-region >}}
{{< site-region region="us3" >}}

> ## Event explorer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Events explorer
```

> The [event explorer][5] is a display of the most recent events generated by your infrastructure and the associated monitors. You can customize the columns displayed by using the **Options** button to the top right of the events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [events explorer][5] is a display of the most recent events generated by your infrastructure and the associated monitors. You can customize the columns displayed by using the **Options** button to the top right of the events.
```

> [5]: https://us3.datadoghq.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[5]: https://us3.datadoghq.com/event/explorer
```

[5]: logs/explorer/saved_views/
{{< /site-region >}}
{{< site-region region="us3" >}}
#### Context

> Build up a context to explore your events in your Event Explorer page first by selecting the proper time range, and then by using the search bar to filter your events and analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build up a context to explore your events on the Events Explorer page by selecting the proper time range, then use the search bar to filter your events and analytics.
```

#### Facets and measures

> After being collected, your events attributes can be indexed as facets or measures. On the left side, you can use facets and measures to filter your results. You can create new facets or measures from existing event tags or attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After collection, your event attributes can be indexed as facets or measures. On the left side, use facets and measures to filter your results. You can create new facets or measures from existing event tags or attributes.
```

> A **facet** displays all the distinct members of an attribute or a tag and provides some basic analytics, such as the number of events represented. Facets allow you to pivot or filter your datasets based on a given attribute. To filter, select the values that you want to see. to start using an attribute as a facet, click on it. Use the option to **Create facet**.The value of this attribute is stored for all new events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **facet** displays all the distinct members of an attribute or a tag and provides some basic analytics, such as the number of events represented. Facets allow you to pivot or filter your datasets based on a given attribute. To filter, select the values that you want to see. To start using an attribute as a facet, click on it and use the option to **Create facet**. The value of this attribute is stored for all new events.
```

> A **measure** is an attribute with a numerical value contained in your event. To start using an attribute as a measure, click on a numerical attribute. Use the option to **Create measure**. The value of this attribute is stored for all new events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **measure** is an attribute with a numerical value contained in your event. To start using an attribute as a measure, click on a numerical attribute and use the option to **Create measure**. The value of this attribute is stored for all new events.
```
